-------------
KNOWN ISSUES
-------------

1. Deviation Parameter [mdangelo - July 30, 2012]
   Deviation must be disabled currently for scenarios to work (Because the margins for number of 
   elements and key size often cause issues with primary key FD generation. This is because tables 
   are created with only keys or require 3 key slots but only have 2 attribute slots, etc.) 

	 Update [mdangelo - July 31, 2012]: The only deviation that does not work after some tinkering is that of keyWidth 
	 otherwise known as numOfJoinAttr (used in merge, fusion, selfjoin). Investigating
	 what the problem is but as the code is from the original STBenchmark it may not be
	 fruitful. [July 31, 2012]
	
   Update [mdangelo - July 31, 2012]: Fixed issue keyWidth deviation had with Object Fusion. Currently deviations are always
		1, but will do future testing to see if that can be increased without breaking too
		many things. 

2. CHAIN join mode does not work for merge or vertical partition (or VPIsA presumably) as the 
mappings are incorrect. [July 30, 2012]
	
	 Update: ?
	
3. Source/Target reuse crashes if parameters are not delicately adjusted. [mdangelo - July 30, 2012]
	
	 Update [Boris - August 2, 2012]: The problem with trying to reuse tables from empty schemas is resolved. 
	 Check whether there are still problematic configurations. 

4. VALUE MGMT Scenario [mdangelo - July 31, 2012]
   Mappings for ValueManagement are incorrect. Need to make it such that it performs functions on 
   variables aka. exists yields f(a,b). 
	
   Update [Boris - August 2, 2012]: Known Issue, I should have documented that. I did not finish this because I need to 
	 modify the model to allow for a "normal" functions in the Tramp XML model. Will do this 
	 after the other issues have been resolved. 

   Update [PRG - August 27, 2012]: Shoudn't VALUEMANAGEMENT then be listed as a "Disabled Scenario"?

5. MERGE Scenario [mdangelo - August 23, 2012]
   Mappings for merge are incorrect because they repeat variables. [August 23, 2012]
	 Update [Boris - August 24, 2012]: Issue fixed by Boris. 

6. Export List of Foreign Key Attributes in TrampXML Model [PRG - August 24, 2012
   Idea: Would be nice to have Foreign Key functions and representation in the TrampXML model like there is 
   for primary keys. This would be useful for Random Source Skolem generation since it would probably be best 
   that Foreign Keys not be the victims of skolemization - and now there is no clean way of ensuring that
   this is not the case. Thus, running MERGE with the Random Source Skolem feature, may result in mappings where
   the target key position is a Skolem term. 

   Update:

7. VP Original Scenario [PRG - August 24, 2012]
   This issue is about StBenchmark's VP original scenario. The output mapping has two different Skolem ids (albeit with same arguments).
   The output mapping should use the same Skolem id as shown below:
   E.g. Test(nut,art,slope,measure) --> Touch(nut,art,sk0(nut,art,slope,measure) and Cheese(slope,measure,sk0(nut,art,slope,measure))

   Update [mdangelo - 27.08.2012]: Added code to ensure that the same skolem Id is used for each skolem. Modified addSKToExistsAtom so that it would return the ID that it generated, also created a new addSKToExistsAtom variant which takes a skolem ID as a parameter and assigns that to the skolem which it creates.

8. VP Original Scenario [PRG - August 24, 2012]   
   8.1 - The VP Original Scenario does not set any primary keys in the target relations. Our understanding is that the end of a foreign key arrow 
   has to be a key.
   8.2 - There is only one foreign key being generated here (only one direction, it should be both directions as shown in the
   StBenchmark's VLDB 2008 paper)

   Update [mdangelo - 27.08.2012]: Included code to add bidirectional foreign keys, also added primary keys in the target relations. Please check output for CHAIN join as I am not certain whether it is correct. Particularly, I was not sure if the key for the relations in between (aka not first and not last) should be both joinAttName and joinAttNameRef or just one of the aforementioned. Current implementation uses both as primary key.

9. Deploy VP-HAS-A and VP-N-TO-M [PRG - August 24, 2012]
   Implement VP-HAS-A (basically original VP except without bidirectional foreign key arrow, that is, the created Skolem function appears in both
   target relations but is a key only in one of them) and VP-N-TO-M (as shown in StBenchmark 2.0's slides).

   Update [mdangelo - 27.08.2012]: Implemented VPHasA with single direction foreign keys, primary keys being set in the target (but only on JoinAttr and not on Ref so as to reflect the single direction foreign key), and with issue regarding multiple skolem ids fixed. 

10. MERGE-ADD Scenario [PRG - August 24, 2012]
    Check that the changes recently implemented by Boris w.r.t MERGE's generated mappings are also done here.
    Also, MERGE-ADD does not appear in propConfig.txt? Has this scenario been tested? 

    Update [mdangelo - 27.08.2012]: You add the scenario manually, it has been tested. Just add a line with MERGEADD as the scenario name and you can run it. Added the line Boris used to fix MERGE to MERGEADD to fix the mappings. 

11. OBJECT FUSION Scenario [PRG - August 24, 2012]
    The generated mappings in this scenario seem to be wrong; there are universal variables in the RHS (EXISTS Clause) that never appear in the LHS 
    (FOR EACH Clause). This scenario is creating at least two mappings (this is likely be done to represent UNION mappings as done in the original
    STBenchmark). 

    Update:


12. NICE TO HAVE "_Skolem" Suffix for Target Attributes [PRG - August 27, 2012]
    It would be nice to append a suffix to all those target attributes that when created are known to be used a Skolemized Attributes. 

    Update:

13. All classes in STBenchmark should consistently make use of the logger facility [PRG - August 27, 2012]
    There are many debug output messages to the console that are not properly idenfified by the issuing class. Do not remove them, just define
    static Logger log = Logger.getLogger(<package.class name>); at the beginning of the class and then use
    log.debug("<debug message>") instead of System.out.print("<debug message>"). 

    Update:

14. SCENARIO REVISIONS [mdangelo - 27.08.2012]
	  Noticed that Boris made several changes to MERGE and VERTICAL PARTITION and just thought it was worth knowing that those changes have not been disseminated into the new VP 
    scenarios (ISA, HASA, N-TO-M) or the new MERGE scenario (MERGE ADD). Not sure if the changes made were incredibly important, so I thought I'd bring it up. Also note that 
    MERGE ADD does not generate SO queries (aka. with skolem functions).

15. ADD Newly Deployed Scenarios to the Automatic Config Generation in Linearize [PRG - August 27, 2012]


-------------
KNOWN CAVEATS
-------------

C1. HORIZONTAL PARTITION Scenario [PRG - August 27, 2012]
    The schema mapping created in this scenario omits creating a target attribute for the source element used as a "selector" to perform horizontal
    partioning.

C2. SURROGATE KEY [PRG - August 27, 2012]
    The schema mapping generated by this scenario does not record that the first relation has a primary key. Apparently, this is also the case with
    the original STBenchmark. The scenario creates 2 Skolem functions, with different Skolemizations (one depends on all and acts as a general identifier;
    the other only depends in the first 2 attributes). 

    

